Addition of glossary (#797)
pyrsia/pyrsia: docs/glossary.md

# Glossary

This will be a collection of terms and their meanings that have been widely used across the projects. It will be a good reference point for the developers to understand and comprehend the components of the Pyrisa Project.

## Terms

- Block: A collection of cryptographically verifiable transactions and a header providing provenance
  - Finalized Block: Blocks which have been agreed upon by the Network
- Node: a computer participating in the blockchain
- Authoritative node: A node possessing and signing transactions using a trusted key - where

>     "trusted key" is defined as being a key that is stored on the block chain and authorized.

Reviewer: For consistency?
```suggestion
    "trusted key" is defined as being a key that is stored on the blockchain and authorized.
```

- Proof of Authority: One of many methods of consensus used in Blockchain.

>     Proof of Authority accepts that there are a limited number of participants in the network that can commit new transactions to the blockchain (See: Authoritative node). Transactions in a block, and the block it self, must all be signed by an authority certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Proof of Authority accepts that there are a limited number of participants in the network that can commit new transactions to the blockchain (See: Authoritative node). Transactions in a block, and the block itself, must all be signed by an authority certificate.
```

- Provenance logs: A chain of cryptographically verified information establishing the provenance (origin) of a given package.
- Blockchain: An append only, distributed, data-store that provides cryptographic provability of all transactions

>     Search index: Generally refers to any indexing tech that is used to in search tech to quickly look up results: See "inverse index"

Reviewer: The _See "inverse index"_ begs for a link to find out more information? Either remove it or provide more information.

Author: Removed the See "inverse index"
